# Intelligent-Tunneling-Webapps
For Georgia Tech Spring 2023 VIP Computational Modeling and Visualization for Geomechanics. The overall project can be found here https://ce.gatech.edu/news/researchers-receive-17-million-grant-build-robot-subsurface-soil-exploration

How to use the Repository:

For `Midterm_ML_Framework_App`:
1. Enter the folder and download all files
2. Open `app.py`
3. pip intstall the required packages and run `app.py` using flask
4. Open the web application hosted on your local machine
5. Drag the downloaded `data_nn2.npy` file to the file upload box and hit submit. This represents the initial stress state of the soil
6. The application generates a contour graph that represents the next stress state of the soil. Generating this contour graph is done using an RNN machine learning model that utilizes long short term memory (LSTM)
7. The application should also generate a table of mechanical properties and another contour graph of the next stress state of the soil. Generating the mechanical properties is the work of ANN2, an ANN machine learning model, that feeds into ANN1 to generate a contour graph of the next stress state of the soil using the mechanical properties generated by ANN2

For `Final_Webapp`:
1. Enter the folder and download all files
2. Open `app.py`
3. pip intstall the required packages and run `app.py` using flask
4. Open the web application hosted on your local machine
5. Hit the `sumbit` button to generate the 4 graphs that will appear under the table of inputs
6. The first graph is the normal distribution for each mechanical property as the robot descends through 7 layers of soil. These graphs are generated from the inputted `mean` and `standard deviation`
7. The next graph is the properties for each time step. Since in this application the robot is moving down to the 7th layer and back up to the first, the total number of steps is twice the `step length`. These values are obtained from the normal distributions as represented in the graphs directly above this one
8. In the next graph, we can see predicted values for each of the mechanical properties of the soil
9. These predicted values are obtained from an RNN machine learning model, which takes in the inputted `interval` as a parameter. The `interval` interval is the number of steps that our RNN model should look back to for predicting the next step. This RNN model also utilizes long short term memory (LSTM)
10. The final graph is similair to the third graph, except now the known and predicted values are box plots with ranges. This is to represent the uncertainty in our RNN model
